Updating README with NEO 3.0 and 2.x directions and perspectives (#730)
neo-project/neo: README.md

</p>

NEO 3.0 (under development): A distributed network for the Smart Economy
================

NEO uses digital identity and blockchain technology to digitize assets and leverages smart contracts for autonomously managed digital assets to create a "smart economy" within a decentralized network.

> To learn more about NEO, please read the [White Paper](https://docs.neo.org/en-us/whitepaper.html)|[白皮书](https://docs.neo.org/zh-cn/whitepaper.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To learn more about NEO, please read the [White Paper](https://docs.neo.org/en-us/whitepaper.html)|[白皮书](https://docs.neo.org/en-us/whitepaper.htmll).
```

Author: I think that this was not really a good suggestion...aehuaheuaheauea I will revert it.

> To learn more about NEO, please read the [White Paper](https://docs.neo.org/en-us/whitepaper.html)|[白皮书](https://docs.neo.org/zh-cn/whitepaper.html).

Reviewer: Should be `en-us` if you show `en-us`

Author: I did not understand. There are two links, one for en-us (White Paper) and one for zh-cn (白皮书)

Reviewer: I thought that is the same xD, sorry :P

Author: jajajajaj

NEO 2.x: Reference template  
================

NEO adopts a model of continuous improvement and evolution.

> We believe that Blockchain field of research and development will be kept in continous transformation for the next years.

Reviewer 2: > We believe that the research and development of blockchain technology will be kept in continuous transformation for the next years.

> From 2017 until middle 2020, NEO 2.x will still be supported and compatibility of new packages will be mantained.

Reviewer 2: > From 2017 until the middle of 2020 (estimated), NEO 2.x will still be supported and the compatibility of new packages will be maintained.

A link to the essential C# reference implementation can be seen below:

* [neo-core](https://github.com/neo-project/neo/tree/master-2.x)
* [neo-vm](https://github.com/neo-project/neo-vm/tree/master-2.x)
* [neo-cli](https://github.com/neo-project/neo-cli/tree/master-2.x)
* [neo-plugins](https://github.com/neo-project/neo-plugins/tree/master-2.x)
* [neo-compiler](https://github.com/neo-project/neo-compiler/tree/master-2.x)

> NEO 1.x was known as Antshares, the roots of such codes can be found historically in this current repository. 

Reviewer 2: > NEO 1.x was known as Antshares and the roots of the code can be found historically in this current repository.

</p>

NEO 3.0 (under development): A distributed network for the Smart Economy
================

NEO uses digital identity and blockchain technology to digitize assets and leverages smart contracts for autonomously managed digital assets to create a "smart economy" within a decentralized network.

> To learn more about NEO, please read the [White Paper](http://docs.neo.org/en-us/index.html)|[白皮书](http://docs.neo.org/zh-cn/index.html).

Reviewer 3: The white paper is out of date.

Author: Remove the "Under development"

NEO 2.x: Reference template  
================

NEO adopts a continous improvement and evolution model.
We believe that Blockchain field of research and development will be kept in continous transformation for the next years.
From 2017 until middle 2020, NEO 2.x will still be supported and compatibility of new packages will be mantained.

A link to the essential C# reference implementation can be seen below:

* [neo-core](https://github.com/neo-project/neo/tree/master-2.x)
* [neo-vm](https://github.com/neo-project/neo-vm/tree/master-2.x)
* [neo-cli](https://github.com/neo-project/neo-cli/tree/master-2.x)
* [neo-plugins](https://github.com/neo-project/neo-plugins/tree/master-2.x)

> NEO 1.x was known as Antsharess, the roots of such codes can be found historically in this current repository. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NEO 1.x was known as Antshares, the roots of such codes can be found historically in this current repository. 
```
